Fix batch size calculation with vmap and static_argnums (#1150)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Resolve a bug in the `vmap` function when passing shape-less values to the target. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolve a bug in the `vmap` function when passing shapeless values to the target. 
```
